README.md, before:

## A guide to API CRUD Api testing a deployed service with Cypress ![cypress version](https://img.shields.io/badge/cypress-9.2.1-brightgreen) ![cypress-data-session version](https://img.shields.io/badge/cypress--data--session-1.15.1-brightgreen) ![cy-spok version](https://img.shields.io/badge/cy--spok-1.4.1-brightgreen) ![@bahmutov/cy-api version](https://img.shields.io/badge/@bahmutov/cy--api-1.6.2-brightgreen)

```bash
yarn install
yarn cy:open
yarn cy:run
```

For learning purposes, you can check out the branch `base` to start from scratch and follow the guide. `main` has the final version of the repo. The code samples are setup to copy paste into the repo and work at every step.

### The Service under test

The service we are using in this example is Aunt Maria's Pizzeria from the book [Serverless Applications with Node.js](https://www.manning.com/books/serverless-applications-with-node-js).

Since we are API testing the service, the implementation details are not critical. For those that are interested, it is a AWS serverless app that is deployed via [ClaudiaJs](https://claudiajs.com/), and the source code can be found [here](https://github.com/muratkeremozcan/books/tree/master/aws/claudiajs/pizza-api).

There is a `test.rest` file in the repo root that can help us get familiar with the API. It uses [VsCode REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client) extension to test the api like we would do with Postman.

Commit message:

removed images, updated readme, referenced blog

README.md, after:

## A guide to API CRUD Api testing a deployed service with Cypress ![cypress version](https://img.shields.io/badge/cypress-9.2.1-brightgreen) ![cypress-data-session version](https://img.shields.io/badge/cypress--data--session-1.15.1-brightgreen) ![cy-spok version](https://img.shields.io/badge/cy--spok-1.4.1-brightgreen) ![@bahmutov/cy-api version](https://img.shields.io/badge/@bahmutov/cy--api-1.6.2-brightgreen)

```bash
yarn install
yarn cy:open
yarn cy:run
```

For learning purposes, you can check out the branch `base` to start from scratch and follow the guide. `main` has the final version of the repo. The code samples are setup to copy paste into the repo and work at every step.

Follow the blog post at [dev.to](https://dev.to/muratkeremozcan/crud-api-testing-a-deployed-service-with-cypress-using-cy-api-spok-cypress-data-session-cypress-each-4mlg) for guidance.

### The Service under test

The service we are using in this example is Aunt Maria's Pizzeria from the book [Serverless Applications with Node.js](https://www.manning.com/books/serverless-applications-with-node-js).

Since we are API testing the service, the implementation details are not critical. For those that are interested, it is a AWS serverless app that is deployed via [ClaudiaJs](https://claudiajs.com/), and the source code can be found [here](https://github.com/muratkeremozcan/books/tree/master/aws/claudiajs/pizza-api).

There is a `test.rest` file in the repo root that can help us get familiar with the API. It uses [VsCode REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client) extension to test the api like we would do with Postman.
